[Author a RESTful endpoint] Upgrade Azure Storage Tables from T1 to T2 in md file. (#78328)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-resource-manager/custom-providers/tutorial-custom-providers-function-authoring.md

/// Creates a custom resource and saves it to table storage.
/// </summary>
/// <param name="requestMessage">The HTTP request message.</param>

> /// <param name="tableClient">Allow you to interact with Azure Tables hosted in either Azure storage accounts or Azure Cosmos DB table API.</param>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// <param name="tableClient">The client which allows you to interact with Azure Tables hosted in either Azure storage accounts or Azure Cosmos DB table API.</param>
```
